there's so much conversation about food
and what we eat and what's healthy
what's good for us and then there's what
we do when no one's watching and it's so
utterly different that it's it's
endlessly interesting what do you eat
white liquids a full pound of asparagus
it's like mystery fish I seem to revert
to childhood dishes steak hamburgers hot
dogs quinoa and amaranth I I'm really a
fan of chocolate sundaes with lots of
chocolate on them anything with a lot of
garlic elbow soup give me a beer and
I'll fry some catfish and I'll typically
frighten bacon fat white steamed rice
dry little fish and seaweed my favorite
vegetable is bacon black beans and rice
rice pasta persimmons can of pickled
herring Puttanesca and then you throw
some sauteed shrimp in it whoa baby
that's it what else is good is spelt
tortilla with olive oil and gamma CO and
what com a and you could put anything
roll up rolled up in that anything that
goes into the toaster oven toaster ovens
are great I really like the way that
things taste right when they come out of
a toaster oven my wife hates this stuff
so I eat it whenever she's gone she
can't stand the smell bacon
black pepper bacon smoked bacon uncured
bacon sugar bacon I do things like open
up a can of tuna and mix it with some
cottage cheese
that's about as creative as I can get
and Michael could have that every day of
his life
and be very very happy the other thing
he eats a lot of is peanut butter and
jelly oh yeah I know I do eat a lot of
Mines I didn't yeah I like to do a pork
tenderloin and I do it slow over the
grill with jerk sauce if you cut it into
slices you can put it on the grill and
then you can you can dip it and marinate
it more
you gotta have a lot of oil in there I
eat johnnycakes when I eat alone the
idea of being alone means that I want to
conjure up a person that I miss so I
find myself oddly enough eating what
they loved so if I want to conjure my
mother or I'm thinking of my mother I'll
throw a baked sweet potato into the oven
and have nothing but baked sweet potato
for dinner my favorite thing to cook
with for cooking alone is my new panini
press and I will if if any item of food
it helps to have some cheese but if
there's any item of food that can be put
wedged jammed between two pieces of
bread and put into the panini press
I will cook it I love eating alone
because I can focus on the food and
enjoying it and most of all I can eat
unapologetically with my hands I hate
listening to other people chew and when
I eat alone I don't have to listen to
other people chewing but I like to sit
down cross-legged and just you know on
the floor being a chef you know you sort
of eat when you can and sometimes that
means you eat standing up sometimes it
means you don't eat at all when he's
alone he drinks milk you might want to
do milk right now I really need baby
food what's a baby food so it'll be like
you know yogurt or some I'll make some
really some pudding or something plenty
of white liquids water vodka champagne
you